
What is a loop? A control flow statement in programming that you allow you to execute repeated code
What is an Array? A data structure to hold a collection of items. Items could be any data type.
Class? OOP? A class is a definition of an object or a blueprint of the objects. Within the defined class, there are definition of the objects methods or attributes.



OOP
What is an object? 
	An object is an instance of a class. It has its own state, behavior, and identity

What is a class? 
	A class is a representation of a type of object. A blueprint to define the object state, behavior, and identity

What is an Encapsulation? 
	An attribute of an object where it contains all data which is hidden. The hidden data can be restricted to the members of that class. 

Levels are Public, Protected, Private, Internal and Protected Internal

What is Polymorphism? 
	An attribute of an object where the subclass assigned behavior or value that was already declared in the main class.

What is Inheritance? 
	Inheritance is a concept where one class shares the structure and behavior in another class. If inheritance applied on one class is called Single Inheritance, and if it depends on multiple classes, then it is called multiple inheritance.

Define Contructor? A method to initialize the state of the object, and it get invoked at the time of object creation. Rules for constructor are.
	- Construtor Name should be same as class name
	- A constructor must have no return type

Define Destructor? 
	A method which is automatically called when the object is made of scope or destroyed

What is function overloading?
	Function overloading is a concept that allow creation of methods with the same name but different return types or different number of parameters.

What is operation overloading? 
	Operation overloading is a function where different operators are applied based on the inputs or arguments.

What is an abstract class? 
	An abstract class is a class which cannot be instantiated. Creation of an object is not possible but it can be inherited. Abstact class can contain only Abstract method.

What is different types of arguments?
	- Call by Value - Value passed will get modified only inside the function, and it returns the same value whatever it passed it into the function.

	- Call by reference - Value passed will get modified in both inside and outside the functions and it returns the same or different value.

What is the super keyword?
	Super keyword is used to invoke the overridden method which overrides one of its superclass methods. This keyword allows to access overridden methods and also to access hidden members of the superclass.

What is an interface?
	An interface is a collection of an abstract method. If the class implements an inheritance, and then the subclass inherits all the abstract methods of an interface.

What is exception handling?
	An exception is an event that occurs during the execution of a program. Exceptions can be of any type- Runtime exception, Error exceptions. Those exceptions are handled through like try, catch, throw keywords.

Difference between overloading and overriding?
	Overloading is static binding whereas Overriding is dynamic binding.

	Overloading is same method but different arguments, it may or may not return the same value in the same class itself.

	Overriding is the same method names with same arguments and return types associated with the class and its child class

Difference between class and an object:
	An object is an instance of a classs. Objects hold multiple information, but classes don't have any infomration. Definition of properties and functions can be done in a class and can be used by the object.

	A class can have sub-classes, and an object doesn't have sub-objects. 

What are various type of constructors?
	Default Constructor - constructor with no parameters
	Parametric Constructor - With Parameters. Create a new instance of a class and also passing arguments simultaneously.
	Copy Constructor - Which creates a new object as a copy of an existing object?


What is a pure virtual function?
	A pure virtual function is a function where it can be written in the derived class but cannnot be defined.

What is a dynamic or runtime polymorphism?
	A dynamic or run time polymorphism is also known as method overriding in which call to an overridden function is resolved during run time, not at the compile time. It means having two or more methods with same name, same signature but with different implementation.




